Contacts at Clubs

Bankstown Sports Cycling Club - via website contact form
Lidcombe Auburn Cycling Club
Marconi Cycling Club
Parramatta Cycling Club
Penrith Cycling Club
SUVelo
St George Cycling Club
Waratah Masters Cycling Club
RAW Track

rod.turner@optusnet.com.au,
gregd@solatube.com.au,
paul.mcdonaldbike@yahoo.com,
committee@penrithcyclingclub.com,
captain@suvelo.com.au,
pbates@cycleclassic.com.au,
i.jackson52@optusnet.com.au,
pcraft@vtown.com.au

Hi,
 my name is Steve Cassidy, I ride with Waratah Masters CC.  I've been working on a new website that aims to list all of the club cycling races in the Sydney area.  The idea is to have a single point of reference to find out what races are scheduled. This is a personal project, not a commercial enterprise; at the moment I'm supporting the site myself but in the future I might introduce some advertising to help pay site costs.

You can check out a preliminary version of the site at http://cabici.net/. 

Information on the site is sourced from publicly available websites. I've used published calendars where possible but in some cases I've entered races manually.   This will obviously need checking and I aim to try to keep up to date by checking each week. I'll also provide a way for people to report issues.  There should be no extra work for your club but I'd be very happy to keep the line of communication open so this can be a useful resource. 

I currently have just a few Sydney clubs listed on the site. I'll expand the number of clubs as time permits.  I am particularly interested in getting listings for some country races outside of Sydney; part of my motivation here is wanting to find out about some of the longer road races out of town.

I'm writing to check with you whether you have any objections to your races being listed on cabici.net.  I'd also welcome any feedback you might have on how I can make the site more useful.  

The site isn't quite ready for prime-time, so please don't spread it around too much yet. I'll make an announcement via various forums - including another email to clubs - when the site is ready in the next few weeks.

Regards,

Steve

-- 
Where's your next race?
http://cabici.net